New Requirements and/or bug fixes.

- Add new fields to the items in the colletion. These fields are: purchase place, purchase date, status when bought (New sealed, new opened, used), current status (Sealed, As new, Normal use, weared down, damaged, or broken), notes (any notes regarding the collection). all of these fields are to be optional. In the UI, present dropdows to keep values consistant.

- Make all dropdowns items searchable. At the top of each dropdown, there should be a textfield that allowes to filter and reduce the options available to pick.

- Use an S3 bucket to store images for the items. When searching and selecting an image for an item in the collection, save that image to an S3 bucket. Save it with a unique name. When updating the item data, update the URL with the complete URL for the image now in the bucket. I will expose the images in the S3 using cloudfront, the cloudfront URL will be known to you, so when you save the item data, you'll have to append the cloudfront url to the new name, and that will give the complete URL to the image now stored in the S3 bucket.

- Add a new collection for Action Figures and Items. Define which properties it should have. This collection must have the same functionality as all others.

Remember that for all of this changes, you must not delete the data, or damage the database in any way.

New requirements as of february 24th:

- Dashboard redesign: Add specific views for the different collections:

* The main dashboard view should remain as is. The top section of the dashboard shows counts: total items, videogames, music and then books. The link right now takes you to the specific collection, but I want it to take you to a new dashboard for that particular subject (videogames, music or books.)
* The data for the detailed dashboard should be generated by a daily process (configurable). This should include counting o grouping games per franchise, or comicbooks per publisher or series or author, or franchise, or creating recomendations (for games, music or reading), and other things that require a perticular processing, or look for historical data, etc. This needs its own data model in the database.
* The specific dasbhoard for videogames should show: number of games by platform (a graph bar, should show top 15, then expand to show all), in another section it should highlight top franchises, and when you click on it, it should show you all games available for that franchise (example: all mario games, all FIFA games, all Metal Gear Solid games, across platforms). The dashbooard should also show recomendations for games missing in the collection (per franchise). It should also highlight (group) genres, and developers (Like Sony Santa Monica).
* The specific or detailed dashboard for music should show: coutings by genre, by artist, and recomendations.
* The specific or detailed dashboard for commiboks should show: countings by genre, publisher, author, character, highlight specific collections, and create next redding recomendations.
* Propose new features for the dashboard that you think will be useful or interesting for a user.
* Propose algorithms for the recomendations, and grouping.
* Create an scale that can determine your "personality" based on comicbooks i've read or videogames i've completed. You can come up with the scale yourself, document, create a page for it, and then create a process that runs daily, and will show messages to the user based on what he has read, or recommending something to read next (this can be shown as a notification one the user access the site agan).
* Update the reading recommendations page to adapt to this new process/data.

- Add a "completed" status to the videogames, similar to what we have in comicbooks for read books.

- add deep link to the application, for detailed views (videogames, books, music), edit pages, search results and filters.
